# DDN Gopher Update 2024-08-01

The CLI is alive!

In following Rikin's advice, I've started by using a `no-prompt` mode that allows commands to be called in CI/CD
scripts, etc. However, I'm really intrigued by the concept of a TUI and want to see how it can play out with a few
barebones commands within this starter kit. That's what I want to talk about in this update.

## CLI architecture

Under the hood, the CLI is using Cobra and Viper, just like the v2 and DDN CLIs. However, I've also introduced Bubbletea
as a tool for creating a terminal user interface (TUI) for this application. To satisfy the need to use methods across
both the `cmd` and `tui` packages, I've created the following structure:

```text
├── auth
│   └── login.go
├── cmd
│   ├── login.go
│   └── root.go
├── ddn-gopher
├── go.mod
├── go.sum
├── main.go
└── tui
    └── login.go
```

The core logic of logging a user in (i.e., making a POST request to the API and processing the response) is handled by
the `auth` package. The public `Login()` function can then be used in both the `cmd` package when executing flagged
commands and in the `tui` package when using the interface.

This means that as commands are added, we'll start with a dedicated package for each type of command and, from there,
build out the `cmd` interface for it before finishing it up with the `tui` addition.

## Next steps

I'd like to use Viper to store a config file. Essentially, as the JWT is returned, store it there. And, from there,
think about what the TUI will do in terms of setting state (is that even what we'd call it here?) and prompting the user
with the next step or whatever view they should be seeing.
